# BeBored

How many of you when you don't know what to do, instantly open Instagram, Facebook, Youtube, Twitter, Snapchat or whatever. It has become almost an instinctive movement of our fingers. We feel a little bored, and in less than a second we find ourselves scrolling through posts on instagrams, to relieve boredom. And in no time at all,  we have an average daily usage of over 2 hours per social, and makes us question what we're doing with our life as a whole. We can try to make some changes to our behaviours, but we can never get away from socials.

What is the solution? Keep getting bored! 
With BeBored this is possible! The first and only application that allows you to get bored while earning, all thanks to the power of blockchain. 

Recent studies have shown how being bored is a fundamental activity that our body performs autonomously to release stress, and recharge the mind. If we never give space to our mind to stop, and not think of anything but thoughts that arise spontaneously, we'll continue to overload not only the mind, but especially the body, of stress. 

Waiting in line, sitting in a coffee shop, stopped at a traffic light, many people do not lose a moment to open social networks, to stave off boredom, but through BeBored, you will have full control of your actions. You can CHOOSE to be bored, to allow your mind to wander. 

Being bored is a natural action we should take, but with the huge amount of easy stimulus we can find nowadays, it is less and less common. Studies have confirmed that boredom can actually makes you more creative, more altruistic, more likely to set goals for your future. 

> "When you're bored your mind wanders. That's only natural. The state of boredom is one where your attention is not focused on anything in particular. Researches have shown this mind wandering is useful for creativity. 
In the absence of boredom, one would remain trapped in unfulfilling situations, and miss out on many emotionally, cognitively and socially rewarding experiences. Boredom is both a warning that we're not doing what we want to be doing, and a push that motivates us to switch goals and projects."


Every time you are waiting for something, you have a decision to make which seems like a tiny one. Head over your favorite social media app, or just **BeBored**, and **Experience Only Your Thoughts**. 

---

## How is Blockchain Integrated


**Why do we need a Blockchain?**


BeBored competes for the attention of its users with the largest tech companies in the world, which control the social networks used by billions of people. The problem of these social networks is that they are centrally controlled by a single entity, the tech company that developed it, which is not a non-profit, has only one goal: "Make Profit". 

*How do they make profits?* All the major social networks existing at the moment, manage to earn billions of dollars in revenues selling the attention of their users to the best advertising bidders. This shifts of incentives, is not for the benefit of users, but purely for the benefit of the big tech company. In this sense, users become pure pieces, whose only goal is to stay glued in their favorite social networks, to bring more and more profit to the big tech through advertising. 

By using the blockchain, we are able to align user incentives with our incentives, in a transparent and decentralized manner. We want BeBored to be a decentralised, community owned, project, and the best way to do this is through well thought out decentralised economics. 

Users who make the choice of Being Bored, as opposed to selling off their attention to big tech companies, will become owners of BeBored, with the possibility to earn rewards by experiencing their thoughts.  In this way, BeBored and its users will be able to grow hand in hand, and bring tiny changes that will provide incremental benefits especially in the users' everyday life. 


**How does it work**


1. Get Bored

2. Earn

3. Cash Out

In order to generate rewards for its users, BeBored will launch a Peer-To-Peer Residential Proxy Network service. Basically, every time a user will start a Boring session, he will start sharing his internet bandwidth with customers who need to use residential proxies. Boring users will earn Boring Bucks based on the amount of bandwidth they have shared during their sessions. Afterwards, the revenues generated by sharing the internet network will be automatically distributed to the Boring Bucks holders. The more Boring sessions a user carries out, the more Boring Bucks earns and the higher the revenues they will be entitled to. This makes Boring users the ultimate owners of BeBored. 

On the other hand, there will be other users, mainly businesses, who need Residential Proxies to help them improve privacy, security, and safety. Indeed, Residential Proxies can be used for: 
 1. Maintain anonymity
 2. Enables data harvesting
 3. Optimize advertising and marketing campaigns
 4. Facilitates software testing and performance monitoring
These will be the customers of the Residential Proxy Network who will pay to use the residential IPs. 

In all this, connections made through the device are securely encrypted, and it won't be possible to gain any access to devices' storage. 


---
